.TH fltk\-config 1 "Fast Light Tool Kit" "6 February 2007"
.SH NAME
fltk\-config \- script to get information about the installed version of fltk.
.sp
.SH SYNOPSIS
fltk\-config [ \-\-prefix
.I [=DIR]
] [ \-\-exec\-prefix
.I [=DIR]
] [ \-\-version ] [ \-\-api\-version ] [ \-\-use\-gl ] [ \-\-use\-images ]
[ \-\-use\-glut ]
[ \-\-cc ] [ \-\-cxx ]
[ \-\-cflags ] [ \-\-cxxflags ] [ \-\-ldflags ] [ \-\-ldstaticflags ]
[ \-\-libs ]
[ \-D\fIname[=value]\fR ] [ \-g ] [ \-\-compile
.I program.cxx
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fIfltk\-config\fR is a utility script that can be used to get information
about the current version of FLTK that is installed on the system, what
compiler and linker options to use when building FLTK-based applications,
and to build simple FLTK applications.
.LP
The following options are supported:
.TP 5
\-\-api\-version
.br
Displays the current FLTK API version number, e.g. "1.1".
.TP 5
\-\-cc
.TP 5
\-\-cxx
.br
Displays the C/C++ compiler that was used to compile FLTK.
.TP 5
\-\-cflags
.TP 5
\-\-cxxflags
.br
Displays the C/C++ compiler options to use when compiling source
files that use FLTK.
.TP 5
\-\-compile \fIprogram.cxx\fR
.br
Compiles the source file \fIprogram.cxx\fR into \fIprogram\fR.
This option implies "\-\-post \fIprogram\fR".
.TP 5
\-g
.br
Enables debugging information when compiling with the \fI\-\-compile\fR
option.
.TP 5
\-\-ldflags
.br
Displays the linker options to use when linking a FLTK
application.
.TP 5
\-\-ldstaticflags
.br
Displays the linker options to use when linking a FLTK
application to the static FLTK libraries.
.TP 5
\-\-libs
.br
Displays the full path to the FLTK library files, to be used for
dependency checking.
.TP 5
\-\-use\-gl
.br
Enables OpenGL support.
.TP 5
\-\-use\-glut
.br
Enables GLUT support.
.TP 5
\-\-use\-images
.br
Enables image file support.
.TP 5
\-\-version
.br
Displays the current FLTK version number, e.g. "1.1.0".
.SH SEE ALSO
fluid(1), fltk(3)
.br
FLTK Programming Manual
.br
FLTK Web Site, http://www.fltk.org/
.SH AUTHORS
Bill Spitzak and others.
